Yan (Miya) Huang
Co-Funder of Slow Travel Swiss

瑞士

·

联系方式

474 位关注者

·

365

好友


关注
发消息

更多
个人简介
Founder of a boutique travel agency based in Switzerland, specializing in premium Swiss tours and inbound travel to China—igniting Swiss wanderlust for China's ancient wonders, vibrant cities, and cultural treasures. 

With a passion for bridging Europe and Asia, I craft immersive journeys that blend alpine serenity with the allure of the Silk Road.Core ExpertiseLeading team operations, I oversee project execution, operational frameworks, brand strategy, and targeted marketing to attract discerning Swiss travelers to China.
My agency excels in bespoke itineraries highlighting China's high-speed rail adventures, festivals, and hidden gems, capitalizing on rising interest post-2025 recovery.Strategic Focus Emphasizing Switzerland-China connectivity, we promote off-peak, sustainable trips amid 2026 trends like individualized experiences and winter escapes reversed for Eastern allure.

 Achievements include scaling operations to serve growing demand from Swiss clients eager for authentic China exploration.Open to partnerships in luxury travel, cross-cultural tourism, or business development—let's connect!


 Co-founder

Slow Travel Swiss 漫行瑞士定制 · 自雇

2025年5月 - 现在 · 11 个月

瑞士 · 混合办公

Slow Travel Swiss is a boutique travel agency specializing in family-friendly trips and off-the-beaten-path experiences in Switzerland and China. We believe travel is about creating joyful memories together, so we design interactive, educational, and adventurous journeys for our customers

漫行logo.jpg的缩略图
漫行logo.jpg

副秘书

UK HAINAN ASSOCIATION · 兼职

2021年10月 - 现在 · 4 年 6 个月

英国伦敦地区 · 远程办公

负责协会内部事务

Maxity.io图标
Maxity.io

2 年 3 个月

Consultant&Co-founder of CharityDao

兼职

2022年10月 - 2024年1月 · 1 年 4 个月

London

Maxity provides an intuitive user interface for charities to seamlessly create and manage their NFTs. We work with charities to tailor the best deployment strategies that fulfil their missions.

MAX DAO on Twitter

RishiSunak set to become the UK’s first British Asian Prime Minister 🥳. 

My colleague  is lucky to have met up with him to discuss how Max Dao's Web3 Social Impact Protocol can help in solving social sustainability issues. 

Are charity-backed DAOs the future of giving?的缩略图
Are charity-backed DAOs the future of giving?

Maxity is leading the future of giving: charity-backed DAOs.  

Metaverse may be ushering in a new dawn for philanthropy.

Maxity.io on LinkedIn: #maxity #io #polygon的缩略图
Maxity.io on LinkedIn: #maxity #io #polygon

📣Breaking News 📣 Maxity is announcing our new partnership with Polygon Studios @0xPolygonToday 🤗 this is a world-class collaboration between us! We...

Operations- NGO Specialist

全职

2021年11月 - 2022年9月 · 11 个月

Sainsbury's图标
Online assistant

Sainsbury's · 兼职

2021年10月 - 2021年12月 · 3 个月

London, England, United Kingdom

International Career Acceleration Network (iCAN)图标
Digital marketing Volunteer

International Career Acceleration Network (iCAN) · 兼职

2021年9月 - 2021年11月 · 3 个月

Cambridge, England, United Kingdom

• International Career Acceleration Network (iCAN) was founded by UK’s digital platform Crayfish with a mission to create an effective support and networking mechanism for multilingual professionals. 
• Responsible for digital marketing promotion for different events in social media particularly in LinkedIn.

International Career Acceleration Network (iCAN) on LinkedIn: Do you want to accelerate your career development？ Or radiate your的缩略图
International Career Acceleration Network (iCAN) on LinkedIn: Do you want to accelerate your career development？ Or radiate your

Do you want to accelerate your career development？ Or radiate your knowledge and wisdom by helping the others develop? 🧨Our iCAN ECMP can help you😸 ...

International Career Acceleration Network (iCAN) on LinkedIn: #PwC #PwC #ChinaTalentNetwork的缩略图
International Career Acceleration Network (iCAN) on LinkedIn: #PwC #PwC #ChinaTalentNetwork

Pop Champagne🍾:  Our iCAN will turn one on the 18th of November 2021, and we want to celebrate with you. What will happen? 🍾:   One Year of iCAN: Special...

Eleven Campaign图标
Marketing Consultant

Eleven Campaign · 实习

2020年6月 - 2020年12月 · 7 个月

London, England, United Kingdom

o	Facilitated the company to conduct digital marketing research, created a consultancy report focusing on the NPO industry, and proposed a suitable digital marketing strategy to increase NGO’s fund-raising relations with stakeholders/volunteers to the organization. 
o	Created digital marketing Mix-4Ps for the NGO. Provided clear digital marketing TOWS matrix strategy

Investment Manager

Jinlan Capital · 全职

2018年4月 - 2019年7月 · 1 年 4 个月

中国 上海市 · 现场办公

Coordinated end-to-end facets of investment management to ensure complete transparency in the investment process. Conducted industry research to identify potential investment opportunities from artificial intelligence, fintech, emerging industry, and game industry companies. Led due diligence investigations and oversaw valuations/conversion of companies to determine the business worth and streamline the conversion process. Analysed financial and business models to write investment advice reports.

Investment Research Analyst 

Cybernaut Investment Group · 全职

2016年3月 - 2018年3月 · 2 年 1 个月

中国 上海市

Nurtured and maintained LP and partner relationship to establish fundraising network with key industry players. Led investment negotiations to secure mutually beneficial deals and raise funds for the business. Gathered investment data and delivered presentations for CEO to enable well-informed decision-making. Facilitated project management activities by leading multifaceted teams, scheduling investment project plan, establishing venture fund, organizing meetings, and managing corporation discussions with local government / local partner.

Project manager

Shanghai Technology Entrepreneurship Foundation for Graduates (NGO) · 全职

2014年6月 - 2016年2月 · 1 年 9 个月

中国 上海市 · 现场办公

Monitored and managed seed-stage start-ups for Angel Found, charity foundation with debt and Equity Funds, to facilitate investments for new start-ups. Organised and conducted monthly project evaluation meetings to pitch investment opportunities and manage company portfolios. Gathered Angle Fund investment data and compiled reports to update company website and develop key industry regarding project status.

Entrepreneurship assistant-intern

Shanghai University Technology Park · 兼职

2014年1月 - 2014年6月 · 6 个月

Shanghai, China